in the forests of Senegal spy bushbaby
is part of a team of spy cameras
capturing intimate views of our closest
living relatives here the family lives a
charmed existence parental love and
friendships form the foundation of their
society spy tortoise is also being
deployed but these are highly perceptive
animals
and something's not quite right this
five-year-old checks what the others are
thinking they seem equally baffled but
with his curiosity piqued he simply
can't stay away as his interest grows so
does the strength of his feelings he
just has to have spite orders all to
himself he hides with it and his elite
feed a bed where he normally take a nap
but he's too excited to sleep
he's torn between using it as a pillow
and giving it a cuddle it's somewhere
between a toy and a pet it's definitely
not for sheering chimps don't normally
have possessions in the morning but spy
tortoise has starred in new emotions
[Music]
[Applause]